[Music]
you have no interest in what I have to
say unless it confirms what you think
you already know my job was simple save
the country I loved from being destroyed
as your job any different I have a lead
on the great enemy of our people Adolf
Eichmann the architect of the final
solution a trail went cold in 46 latest
intelligence suggests when Osiris this
guy convinced rabbis to load the trains
themselves and not by force
if it is him we need an elite crew I'm
not joining your hit squad I would
happily put a bullet in between his eyes
but that's not what we're doing here
this is strictly catch and extract
Eichmann will stand trial here in Israel
think what it means
finally publicly holding to account the
man who organized our slaughter
[Music]
our memory reaches back to recorded
history the book of memory is still a
nice Oakland and you here now are the
hand that holds the pen
[Music]
if you succeed
for the first time in our history
we will judge our execution
we will ward off any who may wish to
follow his example
if you fail
he escapes justice
perhaps forever
[Music]
I beg you do not fail